[Music]
this summer you're invited to a magical
place where weird is celebrated strange
is special and beauty is more than meets
the eye hello gorgeous let's check out
how you look today short and stubby
nubby teeth Allen full display your
pinkish red got the same on your head
and whoa girl you couldn't look better
[Music]
[Applause]
fresh Huggy dog is here the story of the
day or the mum for the year gives a
little scoop on the way down know got
you check out the flow but only the dog
makes the party happens give it the gas
it could have been better than this
[Music]
there
I have a feeling we're not an ugly Ville
anymore look guys what's perfection
don't know but let's go say hi hello
must be a customary greeting here
[Music]
[Applause]